This is my second cycle.
Then why is it me in the book above?
I cycled five times without straps and I knew from the start that I was looping.
It was only from this time that I had the memory of the last time.
Then you should leave in a month. Maybe as long as I'm dressed up at the station,
You can get out of the cycle. I feel like no matter where I am,
Sooner or later, I will return to the car and enter the wireless cycle.
Teacher Chen, did you get off the car to waste time?
The name of the poem, followed by the explosions, are all three-year-long explosions.
I need to confirm that the time is correct? It seems like there is something explosive in the title of the poem.
Then why not call the police?
I reported it before
This place is too remote
The police can't even afford to come and pay back the debt.
The power of the previous explosion has increased
Blow back the entire carriage
At least seven kilograms of bombs are required
I'll check
Pay attention to your safety and check with the teacher
I took it out without waiting.
Too many things
Here, take the bomb
Is it really a bomb? This teacher?
Can't you take it out?
keep imaginary people
Can't lift it anymore
found the bomb
Let’s think about the car now